# Estimating-the-dynamic-thermal-capacity-of-overhead-transmission-lines-case-study-220kV-V-n-Tr---
Power system components usually have standard static ratings that determine the load  constraints. The term ‘‘rating’’ in the power line system refers to the maximum  allowable conductor current that raises the line temperature without infringing ground  clearance and causing the loss of conductor tensile strength due to annealing.  Traditional, a load-ability concept established on the basis of the Overhead  Transmission Lines static thermal rating is referred to the worst-case conditions (high  ambient temperature, full sun and low wind speed). It is one of the reasons, why power  systems do not use all of their potential transmission capacity. In fact, the real-rating  capacity of an overhead line increases when wind speed is high, due to the cooling  caused by wind in the distribution lines. Dynamic line rating solution allow assets real  weather conditions and calculating the real capacity of transmission lines. Thus, when  planning wind power integration, if dynamic line limits are considered instead of the  conservative and static limits, estimated capacity increases. Research has shown that actual line ratings are higher than static rating most of the time. The potential of using  the dynamic line rating solution help to increase the reliability of power systems is  therefore significant. Almost every country has begun the process of increasing the  integration of intermittent sources like wind power into their network, and consequently,  the dynamic rating technology has become increasingly important and is incorporated  in the smart grid vision. This report provides a comprehensive study of the literature on  dynamic line rating. Next, the current constraints on the power transmission grid were  identified, which are related to the history and geography of Vietnam. On this basis, several suggestions were put forward to improve the power transmission grid in  Vietnam, namely, developing renewable energy sources, introducing Dynamic line  rating solution if conditions permit. Different scenarios for analysis of real time weather  data and ways of application of Dynamic Rating to the typical power line system 220  kV Vantri-Chem 17 km are taken into consideration. The study provides a reference for  the future development of the smart-grid concern in Vietnam. 

Keywords: Dynamic Rating; Thermal; Load-ability; Ampacity; Clearance, Overhead Conductor; Sag; Tension; Thermal capacity.

The project regards the estimation of the potential of DLR application for transmission lines in Vietnam, which is new and expected to be crucial to boost the capcacity of transmission system in rush hour. This project is currently in poposal for publication in Student Forum organized in HUST (Hanoi University of Science and Technology) about Sustainable Energy.

The project is the application of data analysis skills in energy branch to help understand the insights and facilitate the evaluation, decision-making steps. 

For further information of the project regarding data and report, please access to this drive link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oCKwG6LcIlIFK5w8u6aIKnSO6CRtCCSt/view?usp=sharing

THE PROJECT IS CURRENTLY REWARDED AS AMONG THE BEST PAPERS OF STUDENT FORUM 2021. More information: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mSqKDMmxhW42vYB5IxJLQ54WQ6rwIinS/view?usp=sharing

Best Wishes!
